Doc: Improve documentation for OGR_ORGANIZE_POLYGONS (#7907)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/user/configoptions.rst

     :choices: DEFAULT, SKIP, ONLY_CCW, CCW_INNER_JUST_AFTER_CW_OUTER

     Defines the method used to classify polygons as holes or shells. Although
     one of the options is named ``DEFAULT``, some drivers may default to a
     different method to reduce processing by taking advantage of a format's
     constraints. The following methods are available, in order of decreasing
     expected runtime:

     - ``DEFAULT``: perform a full analysis of the topological relationships
       between all polygons, classifying them as shells or holes and associating
       them according to the OGC Simple Features convention.

     - ``ONLY_CCW``: only attempt to classify polygons with a counter-clockwise
       orientation, assuming that all polygons with a clockwise orientation
       represent holes. This is the convention of the Shapefile format, whose
       driver defaults to this method.

     - ``CCW_INNER_JUST_AFTER_CW_OUTER``: Assume inner rings (holes) have
       counter-clockwise orientation and immediately follow the
       clockwise-oriented outer ring with which they are associated.

     - ``SKIP``: avoid attempting to classify polygons as shells or holes. A

>        single polygon will be returned with all polygons as top-level polygons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       single multipolygon (or multisurface or geometrycollection, depending on if there are curve polygons or a mix of regular and curve polygons) will be returned with all polygons as top-level polygons.
```

Author: A mix of regular and curved polygons would produce a MultiSurface, no? My read was that the GeometryCollection is returned if a line/point finds its way in, or if the polygons do not form a valid multipolygon (crossing edges)

Reviewer: indeed, you're correct.

Author: Updated with "A single geometry (MultiPolygon or MultiCurve) will be returned with all polygons as top-level polygons."

Reviewer: MultiCurve cannot be emitted. The 4 possiblye types are:
- Polygon
- MultiPolyon
- MultiSurface
- GeometryCollection: if presence of non-polygon in input or invalid topology

      Controls whether curved geometries should be approximated by linear geometries.

- .. config:: OGR_ORGANIZE_POLYGONS
     :choices: DEFAULT, SKIP, ONLY_CCW, CCW_INNER_JUST_AFTER_CW_OUTER

     Defines the method used to classify polygons as holes or shells. Although
     one of the options is named ``DEFAULT``, some drivers may default to a
     different method to reduce processing by taking advantage of a format's
     constraints. The following methods are available, in order of decreasing
     expected runtime:

     - ``DEFAULT``: perform a full analysis of the topological relationships
       between all polygons, classifying them as shells or holes and associating
       them according to the OGC Simple Features convention.

     - ``ONLY_CCW``: only attempt to classify polygons with a counter-clockwise
       orientation, assuming that all polygons with a clockwise orientation
       represent holes. This is the convention of the Shapefile format, whose
       driver defaults to this method.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is **not** the Shapefile convention, the shapefile convention is exactly reversed: Clockwise rings are the outer rings, counterclockwise rings are holes. If the shapefile driver is using this method then either the name "ONLY_CCW" or the description is misleading.

Reviewer: Jukka is right. I read the proposed doc addition too fast. The Doxygen of the function mentions "or only make it analyze counterclockwise polygons by adding METHOD=ONLY_CCW to the option list if you can assume that the outline of holes is counterclockwise defined (this is the convention for example in shapefiles, Personal Geodatabases or File Geodatabases)."

I realize this might not be crystal clear. Let's try to explain it better. In METHOD=ONLY_CCW mode, rings with clockwise orientation are assumed to be outer rings, and those with counterclockwise orientation to be inner rings. METHOD=ONLY_CCW  means that a topological analysis is only needed for those counterclockwise oriented rings to figure out to which outer ring they belong too
